i also asked bill how he thought that
investors should think about investing
in green stocks and what kinds of
returns they should expect
here's what bill had to say when i
invested in
impossible foods or beyond meat or
quantum scape
uh you know i was doing that just to
help uh
their role in climate uh now
looks like you know those will be three
very successful companies
uh and so you know i'll have more money
to put
into the the top areas of climate uh
things like
uh cement and steel breakthrough energy
ventures is in 40 companies and so far
uh you know they're making progress and
uh even though some will fail it looks
like we'll have you know quite a few
successes there and so um
you have to be willing to take high risk
but if you do it in a tasteful way
the green economy uh is going to have
you know
more than more than one tesla
tesla ceo elon musk was recently on joe
rogan's podcast and speculated that bill
gates was shorting
tesla stock so i asked bill gates to set
the record straight
i think what elon stumble tesla is
fantastic
it's you know probably the biggest
single contribution to showing us that
electric cars are part
of how we solve climate change and
now he's got a carbon removal challenge
so we need more
elon musks we need one for steel and
cement and
all the different categories so you're
not sure
tesla stock just so we're clear
yeah i'm not i i don't talk about my
investments but
i think he should be very proud of what
what he's done
shepard smith here thanks for watching
cnbc
on youtube